Add details about the newly available rabbitmq addon (#237)
ddev/ddev-contrib: docker-compose-services/rabbitmq/README.md

## Installation

> [!WARNING]  

> > Use the add-on "ochorocho/ddev-rabbitmq" (`ddev get ochorocho/ddev-rabbitmq`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This obsolete recipe has been replaced by the add-on "ochorocho/ddev-rabbitmq" (`ddev get ochorocho/ddev-rabbitmq`). 
```
